TRAVEL EXPERIENCES IN JAPAN
Experience 1,100 years of history on the Kumano Kodo Pilgrimage Routes
Reconnect with nature and discover Yoshino-Kumano National Park
As a UNESCO World Heritage Site located within Wakayama Prefecture, winner of Lonely Planet’s Best in Travel 2021 sustainability award, the pedigree of the Kumano Kodo Pilgrimage Routes speaks for itself. Arriving at the Kii Peninsula and entering the majestic Yoshino-Kumano National Park reveals a world of time-honored splendor in nature. For thousands of years, pilgrims have hiked these spiritual trails that pass by exquisite features, including the Kumano Nachi Taisha Grand Shrine, towering Nachi Waterfall and enchanted forests. Even before organized religion existed in Japan, these forests and mountains were considered sacred for the pilgrims that traveled here on solemn journeys in awe of nature’s power. Now, you can follow in their footsteps and join a local English-speaking guide on your own sojourn of peace and serenity. As a valuable travel location prized for its basis in sustainable outdoor activity, you can connect deeper with this tradition on a 1-hour, 3-hour, or multi-day trek.
Succumb to the wilds of nature on an exhilarating canyon adventure
Connect with nature and discover Japan’s most breathtaking canyons all-year round
Located in the Minakami UNESCO Eco Park, the Tone River is home to some of Japan’s most beautiful canyons. These canyons are perfect for exhilarating outdoor adventure sports too. In summer, you can experience wild rapids on a raft or canoe. In winter, the area is transformed into a winter wonderland, where water sports are replaced with snow canyoning. There’s no better way to appreciate the power of nature than by immersing yourself in it. The companies that operate in the Tone River are dedicated to preserving the area’s natural wonders and have worked together to develop the best, most sustainable solutions for the region. Combined with the government’s own efforts for official guidance and training programs, these initiatives promote further coexistence with nature on your visit to Minakami.
Embark on a guided tour through ancient forests
Walk amongst towering trees embodying more than 5,000 years of history
The ancient cedar forests on the island of Yakushima, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, are truly extraordinary. Alongside countless
trails that give you the chance to see the Japanese wilderness in its primeval state, this celebrated national park and designated Special Natural Monument is also home to the Jomon Sugi, one of the largest and most revered trees in Japan. Discover the secrets of the forest on a specialized tour with qualified guides who live on the island and are versed in both local history and wilderness training for overnight expeditions. Trek deep into the forest and see the mist envelop the imposing cedars that have matured for millennia. The tour fee and donation made to the national park authority help to maintain this delicate ecosystem. These guardians of the forest are dedicated to its preservation, and your visit helps ensure sustainable travel to Yakushima is possible for generations to come.
Dive deep into Okinawa on a cave spelunking tour
Enjoy responsible cave diving and snorkeling in otherworldly surroundings
Okinawa’s Blue Cave is truly breathtaking. Teeming with tropical fish and home to outstanding rock and coral formations, you’ll be blown away by the opportunity to immerse yourself in this incredible aquatic environment. Whether you are an experienced diver or completely new to the activity, your experience in Okinawa will be sure to inspire you, and there are options for every level of ability. The tour provider, Murunu-shi, is committed to supporting the Green Fins initiative in Okinawa. This worldwide campaign is working tirelessly to protect the planet’s coral reefs and is supported by UN Environment Programme (UNEP). As part of their commitment, Murunu-shi has abolished disposable plastic products in their facilities and further conveys the non-plastic message with divers before each tour. Delve deep into nature and reconsider your own daily practices at Okinawa’s majestic Blue Cave, for a sustainable, memorable and unique diving experience as a responsible diver.